readme.rst, before:

PyOpenGL and PyOpenGL_accelerate
=================================

PyOpenGL is normally distributed via PyPI using standard pip::

    $ pip install PyOpenGL PyOpenGL_accelerate

You can install this repository by branching/cloning and running
setup.py::

    $ cd pyopengl
    $ python setup.py develop
    $ cd accelerate
    $ python setup.py develop

Note that to compile PyOpenGL_accelerate you will need to have 
a functioning Python extension-compiling environment.

Running Tests
--------------

You can run the test suite only if you have prebuilt Pygame and 
Numpy wheels, along with Python 2.6, 2.7, 3.4 and 3.5. The 
wheels for the test suite to use should be stored in a directory
called "wheelhouse" at the same level as the root checkout here.

To build the wheels on Ubuntu::

    $ hg clone https://bitbucket.org/pygame/pygame
    $ apt-get build-dep pygame python-numpy
    $ pip2.6 wheel ./pygame numpy
    $ pip2.7 wheel ./pygame numpy
    $ pip3.4 wheel ./pygame numpy
    $ pip3.5 wheel ./pygame numpy

if you do that in the same directory where you checked out pyopengl
you will have all of your wheels in the directory the pyopengl 
tox suite is expecting.

You'll obviously need `tox` installed to run tox, which looks
like this::

    $ tox

The result being a lot of tests being run in a matrix of environments,
with Python versions:

    * 2.7
    * 2.6
    * 3.4

Where we test with and without the accelerate module and with and 
without numpy installed in the environment.  Python 3.5 should 
work, but there's something screwy with the Ubuntu site.py that 
prevents the tests running under tox.

Commit message:

Include section on how to learn with pointers to OpenGLContext tutorials and the documentation collection.

readme.rst, after:

PyOpenGL and PyOpenGL_accelerate
=================================

PyOpenGL is normally distributed via PyPI using standard pip::

    $ pip install PyOpenGL PyOpenGL_accelerate

You can install this repository by branching/cloning and running
setup.py::

    $ cd pyopengl
    $ python setup.py develop
    $ cd accelerate
    $ python setup.py develop

Note that to compile PyOpenGL_accelerate you will need to have 
a functioning Python extension-compiling environment.

Learning PyOpenGL
-----------------

If you are new to PyOpenGL, you likely want to start with the OpenGLContext `tutorial page`_.
Those tutorials require OpenGLContext, (which is a big wrapper including a whole
scenegraph engine, VRML97 parser, lots of demos, etc) you can install that with::

    $ pip install "OpenGLContext-full==3.1.1

The `documentation pages`_ are useful for looking up the parameters and semantics of 
PyOpenGL calls.

.. _`tutorial page`: http://pyopengl.sourceforge.net/context/tutorials/index.html
.. _`documentation pages`: http://pyopengl.sourceforge.net/documentation/


Running Tests
--------------

You can run the test suite only if you have prebuilt Pygame and 
Numpy wheels, along with Python 2.6, 2.7, 3.4 and 3.5. The 
wheels for the test suite to use should be stored in a directory
called "wheelhouse" at the same level as the root checkout here.

To build the wheels on Ubuntu::

    $ hg clone https://bitbucket.org/pygame/pygame
    $ apt-get build-dep pygame python-numpy
    $ pip2.6 wheel ./pygame numpy
    $ pip2.7 wheel ./pygame numpy
    $ pip3.4 wheel ./pygame numpy
    $ pip3.5 wheel ./pygame numpy

if you do that in the same directory where you checked out pyopengl
you will have all of your wheels in the directory the pyopengl 
tox suite is expecting.

You'll obviously need `tox` installed to run tox, which looks
like this::

    $ tox

The result being a lot of tests being run in a matrix of environments,
with Python versions:

    * 2.7
    * 2.6
    * 3.4

Where we test with and without the accelerate module and with and 
without numpy installed in the environment.  Python 3.5 should 
work, but there's something screwy with the Ubuntu site.py that 
prevents the tests running under tox.
